Update intro to dapps developer doc (#4065)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/dapps/index.md

A dapp has its backend code running on a decentralized peer-to-peer network. Contrast this with an app where the backend code is running on centralized servers.

A dapp can have frontend code and user interfaces written in any language (just like an app) to make calls to its backend. Furthermore, its frontend can get hosted on decentralized storage such as [IPFS](https://ipfs.io/).

> - **Decentralized** - dapps are independent, and no one can control them as a group.

Reviewer: Thought for a possible change here... Different dapps by themselves have different degrees of centralized vs. distributed control, but what they do have in common is existing on the same, decentralized network. 
```suggestion
- **Decentralized** - dapps operate on Ethereum, an open public decentralized platform where no one person or group has control
```

The way it currently reads seems misleading, as you can easily program a dapp that only a few people can control.

Reviewer 2: This makes sense, not all projects are open source.

Author: Nice catch and agreed.
